Support compression for lucene data, with the extensibility to suppor… (#1462)
FoundationDB/fdb-record-layer: docs/ReleaseNotes.md

* **Feature** Feature 3 [(Issue #NNN)](https://github.com/FoundationDB/fdb-record-layer/issues/NNN)
* **Feature** Feature 4 [(Issue #NNN)](https://github.com/FoundationDB/fdb-record-layer/issues/NNN)
* **Feature** Feature 5 [(Issue #NNN)](https://github.com/FoundationDB/fdb-record-layer/issues/NNN)

> * **Breaking change** Support compression for Lucene data. Backwards compatibility is not supported, so rebuilding Lucene indexes with shutting down search requests handling is needed for transition. [(Issue #1466)](https://github.com/FoundationDB/fdb-record-layer/issues/1466)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Breaking change** Support compression for Lucene data. Backwards compatibility is not supported, so upgrading requires rebuilding Lucene indexes during which search requests cannot be completed. [(Issue #1466)](https://github.com/FoundationDB/fdb-record-layer/issues/1466)
```

The new wording may be slightly more natural, though it may be a matter of taste
